To wrap up this course, let's revisit the key benefits to using Spring Retry.
Spring Retry is a top-level Spring project at the same level as
the likes of Spring Framework and Spring Boot.
That should give you confidence knowing that it's
well implemented and supported.
Spring Retry provides a standardized platform for retry
that is also highly configurable.
Spring Retry wraps existing microservice clients so there's no
need to start from scratch to implement retry.
Lastly,
Spring Retry follows familiar Spring and Java integration and configuration
patterns using bean dependency injection with properties files,
so adding it should feel familiar to most Java developers.
In this course,
we've taken a realistic microservice application from good to great.
We increased its reliability tremendously and removed three
common pain points thanks to Spring Retry.
We achieved this by introducing retry in their existing RestTemplate client,
by adding custom retry policies for back off and max attempts,
and by specifying retryable exceptions.
So, what's next?
My challenge to you is to go and do.
Look at your existing microservice applications and implement Spring Retry.
You'll be amazed at how easy it can be.
I'd also encourage you to look at Pluralsight's Core Spring path to fill
in any gaps you may have with Spring technologies.
I sincerely thank you for taking this journey with me, and wish you the best in your technology learning endeavors.